1. Visualization Enhancements
    Add UMAP and t-SNE as projection options.
    Overlay fingerprint stats on the projection canvas.
    Radial segment styling enhancements:
        Encode local stats: stddev, meanDelta.
        Visual difference encodings (e.g., delta or variance).
        Comparative overlays (difference fingerprints).
    Zoom and pan interaction for large projections.

    BellCurve in Attribute segment
    Add a small glyph in the center of the attribute ring to show the value of the selected attribute for the selected point.
    Encoding what color for what? How to compare two fingerprints?
    

2. Interaction Features
    Lasso selection (freeform instead of rectangular).
    Point selection with ctrl+click.
    Extend Point selection with attribute ring highlight.
    Drawing a line to split the projection canvas into two halves.
    Animated transitions between fingerprint comparisons.
    Semantic zooming into nested fingerprints (support recursion).

    Clicking feature highlights the contribution of that feature for all points by hue.

    Hovering an attribute in the attribute ring highlights the attribute in the small glyph


3. Fingerprint Management
    User-driven labeling/tagging of fingerprints.
    Glyph-based fingerprint representation (e.g., SVG or canvas).

    Comparison operations:
        side-by-side
        overlay
            Draw the global value as a thick background bar.
            Overlay the local value as a thinner, foreground radial bar (or with hue).
            Encode delta as a stroke color (e.g., green for increase, red for decrease).
        difference

     Recursive fingerprint nesting:
        Aggregating sub-fingerprints into higher-order entities.
        Maintaining visual traceability and hierarchy.
        zooming into sub-fingerprints for detailed analysis.

4. Datamanagement
   

5. Usability and UX
    Annotation and externalization:
        Labels, notes tracking.
    Projection efficiency, performance (Pixi)

6. Non-Visual Support
    Variance-based and Value-based contribution
    Advanced fingerprint operations:
        Difference, ratio, intersection/union.
        Dynamic stats configuration (mean, median, etc.).


Optional if time allows:
    DimRed Projection canvas in spherical form to fit inside radial layout of feature ring.
    Direct manipulation or steering of projections
    Fingerprint Matrix: tabular/radial overview of multiple fingerprints.
    Global navigation aids:
        Mini-map or breadcrumbs for nested fingerprints.
    Guided onboarding/tutorial mode
    DR quality metric overlays (trustworthiness, continuity).
    Depending on where the attribute Segment is clicked, highlight the corresponding points in the quartile.



